India's workplace dispute resolution obligations
are maturing and expanding.
Sexual harassment prevention law, industrial relations code —
they are all setting a new standard for scrutiny.
Compliance is the baseline.
Capability is the differentiator.
I'm Sreevidya Varma, a workplace investigator with a decade
resolving high-stake cases for India's largest corporates.
This is WORQsense, designed to build capability in internal investigations
and the system rebuild that follows.
Because today organisations need more than having policies
and conducting trainings that teach them the act.
They need skill in gathering evidence, understanding systems,
and conducting inquiries that hold.
That's the skill WORQsense helps you build.
Hello, I'm Daren Jay, CEO of Interview Management Solutions
and creator of the TILES System®.
I've taught investigative interviewing around the world for over 30 years,
including at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy in Hyderabad.
And I'm genuinely delighted to be partnering with WORQsense
as their global training partner.
The WORQsense team have deep expertise in the prevention of sexual harassment,
the workings of internal committees,
and they've conducted a wide range of workplace investigations
across India and New Zealand,
and they have an understanding of the realities Internal Committee
and HR teams actually face.
My role is to bring advanced evidence-based interviewing training
and the TILES System technology to complement that expertise.
Together, we're combining the PEACE model and the Mendez Principles with software
that makes strategic interviewing skills observable, measurable, and defensible.
I'm really proud to be working alongside the WORQsense team.
Every incident reveals something about the system
that enabled it to happen.
Addressing the incident is important, but what is more important
is understanding the system that enabled it to happen.
Hi, I'm Kavita Khanna, the co-founder of WORQsense.
I have over 25 years of leadership experience
in businesses of different scale and maturity.
I built ReWireWorks, a diagnostic tool that helps leaders identify
the system conditions that led to high-risk incidents.
The diagnostic grew from the questions that helped me create clarity
in real organisation settings —
questions about how decisions moved,
where trust held or broke.
ReWireWorks shows you exactly where your system needs strengthening
and what you already have to work with.
What I know through my experience is that most organisations are working
much harder than they need to, because they're fixing symptoms
instead of understanding the system.
WORQsense brings it together.
Investigation capability, evidence-based interviewing standards,
and systems intelligence.
Built for your teams across India and New Zealand.
If your internal investigation teams aren't equipped to run
what they are required to run, give us a shout.
Visit worqsense.com.